Heather, I'm afraid I won't be able to pay you for tonight's work.
What? Why not?
Just complained about your behavior.
A guest claims you were rude and unprofessional.
Have a little fun.
Well, I was just trying to do my job. He was the one who kept harassing me.
I cannot afford to lose high-profile clients. Please, just leave.
How can you do this to me? Please, sir, you have no idea how much I need this money.
Well, maybe I could help you out.
Okay. Great, great, sir.
You know, maybe I could scrounge up some cash.
But she'll be a good time.
You paid your own relentless!
What are you? Decent?
Working a place like this?
Dress like that?
Let go of me!
You know what's been saying before tonight?
You're all mine.
There you are, honey.